Group Members:
Cheng-An Chen - chenganc
Sherlock Lau - sla166

Work Division:
Cheng-An:
ICMP, IP

Sherlock:
Arp


Known Bugs/Issues: all bugs or issues that you know of in your code



Code Design: Briefly describe the design of your code and the data structures implemented.
ICMP:
send_icmp function is the main function which sends out various icmp packet. It allows input for type and code for icmp.
It will be sending out three types of icmp packet (type 0, 3, 11).
If it is type 0, it will make a new ethernet header with proper dst (to the one whos sends request) and make new icmp / ip field and memcpy into the new ethernet packet.
Then try to sending by using Sherlock's try_sending function.
If it is type 3, it will make a new ethernet header with proper dst (to the one whos sends the packet to the unreachable address) and make new icmp_t3 /ip field and memcpy into the new ethernet packet.
The old ip header and the first 8 bytes of the old packet will be also copied into the new ethernet packet with proper offset.
If it is type 11, it will make a new ethernet header with proper dst (to the one whos sends the packet to the unreachable address) and make new icmp /ip field and memcpy into the new ethernet packet.
The old ip header and the first 8 bytes of the old packet will be also copied into the new ethernet packet with proper offset.


IP:
sr_handlepacket is the main function which handles all incoming packets.
Frist, it will check if the incoming is ip packet or arp packet.
If is ip packet, it will check if it is destined for this router. If so, it will process the packet.
If the ip packet is destined for the router and it is icmp echo request, it will send icmp type 0 code 0 to the one requested it.
Otherwise, it will decrease ttl by 1 and check if ttl hits 0. If so icmp type 11 code 0 packet will be sent via using send_icmp function.
Else, the function will check if the destination address is known to the router. If the address is not known, arp packet
will be sending out to acquire the destination address and forward the packet to the it's destination.
Second, it will call the arp handler function to handle all the incoming arp packet.

Arp:
If packet is of type ARP - Runs Arp Handler
Arp Handler:
First check if arp entry already in my table, if it isn't add it into the cache with insert
Check if arp_op_code is of type request, if it is, send an arp reply.
If its not a request, then we try sending the packet in the queue.
In the try_sending function, we look the destination IP. If there is a find, we send the packet. If there isn't a match, then we queue a arp request in the cache and pass it to arp request handler function.
In the arp request handler function, we broadcast an arp request to evereyone up to 5 times. If we still don't receive a reply after this, we send an ICMP of type 3 code 1 (time exceeeded) and remove the request from the queue.
